c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x86.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x64.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.so
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.so
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.dylib
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.dylib
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp2.exe.config
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp2.exe
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp2.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.TextToSpeech.V1.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.TextToSpeech.V1.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.TextToSpeech.V1.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.pdb
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp2.exe
c:\users\z6zrw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp2\ConsoleApp2\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp2.pdb
